UMP License v1.0

0. Preamble

To goal of UMP (Unofficial Map Project) movement is a creation of Free vector 
Maps. The Maps distributed under this concept are free to obtain, modify and use 
for personal purposes. They are also free to modify and redistribute as far as 
Authors' credits and Freedom of the Map are not violated.

1. Acceptance of terms

By using the Maps (any maps contained in this package or any accompanying data 
or software), you accept the terms of this License. Do not install or use the 
Maps if you do not agree with any of the License terms.

2. Free availability

Any Maps covered by the License have to be distributed or redistributed free of 
charge. Only pure media costs may be charged under the condition that the 
channel free of media costs (like the Internet) is made available in parallel or 
is referred to. In such case the information about free distribution channel has 
to be visible before purchasing the media.

3. Freedom of use

Any Map covered by the License may be used for any personal or educational 
purposes without limitations, including decompilation, modification, conversion 
and recompilation. Any professional use (including but not limited to 
commercial, governmental or military use) may require separate agreement with 
Authors if not stated otherwise.

4. Freedom of development

The Maps covered by the License are free to modify and redistribute by anyone 
under the condition that Authors' credits are preserved and the modifications 
are distributed under the same or compatible license. Same rules apply to all 
works based on the Maps.

The Maps covered by the License may be incorporated and shipped together with 
differently licensed works under the condition that the Maps are well separated 
and this License (which may not be violated) is clearly stated for that part. 
Additionally all competing or similar data contained in such product has to be 
released under the same or compatible license.

5. Open development

If the Maps are distributed in the binary form, the source format has to be made 
available at the same time. As an alternative, source package my be referred to 
in case it is available through a channel free of media costs.

Authors (or recent maintainer of the Maps) should be notified about any released 
modifications to their work. If this is not possible, modifications should be 
announced through community channels like map-authoring focused newsgroups, 
forums or webpages.

6. Disclaimer of warranties

Authors take no responsibility for any direct or indirect damage resulting from 
the use of the Maps. All the data and software is provided "as is", the Maps 
shall be used at the sole responsibility of the user.

Special care should be taken when using the data as navigation aid, as mapping 
data may be misleading, incomplete or incorrect.
